The Kia EV6 is a battery electric compact crossover SUV produced by Kia. Introduced in March 2021, it is the first Kia dedicated electric vehicle, and the first model developed on the Electric Global Modular Platform (E-GMP) similar to the Hyundai Ioniq 5. It is also the first model to be named under the new nomenclature designated for a line of Kia electric cars, which will range from EV1 to EV9. The EV6 is the 2022 European Car of the Year.

The EV6 was released on 2 August 2021 after a set of pictures were revealed on 15 March 2021. Developed under the codename CV, it is the first Kia model based on the E-GMP electric car platform.
The GT model is claimed to have a 0–100 km/h (0–62 mph) time in 3.5 seconds, with dual electric motors producing 430kW of power (576hp) and 740Nm of torque combined, Michelin Pilot Sport 4S tyres, a rear electronic limited-slip differential, electronically controlled suspension, and minor exterior and interior changes.
It features a panoramic curved display panel inside, which opens up more space while a controller for transition between infotainment and HVAC below the navigation screen and touch buttons for using heated seat as well as steering wheel further enhance driver usability. The EV6's boot space is 520 L (18.4 cu ft) (VDA standard) and it can be increased up to 1,300 L (45.9 cu ft) when the rear seats are folded. The crossover is claimed to be furnished with eco-friendly materials across the interior, fabric or artificial suede/leatherette seats, and ambient lighting. It's also available with an augmented reality head-up display, 360° camera option, remote controlled parking, along with safety technologies including Lane Follow Assist, Highway Driving Assist 2 (semi-autonomous adaptive cruise control) including auto lane changing, AEB collision avoidance, remote smart parking assist and Safe Exit Assist.

		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

The EV6 GT was released on 4 October 2022; it is a high-performance version of the EV6, supposed to go from zero to 100 km/h in 3.5 seconds. The EV6 GT features four-piston calipers with a monoblock front wheel that improves size/performance over the base model, and a body strengthened with front strut ring and rear luggage floor reinforcement bars. There's also Michelin Pilot Sport 4S tyres, a rear electronic limited-slip differential, and electronically controlled suspension.
In addition, rack-driven power steering and variable gear ratio technology optimises steering response to speed, and GT Mode with RBM function that maximizes the use of regenerative braking and Kia's first Drift Mode are applied.
As for the design, it features GT-specific 21-inch wheels with contrasting neon green coloured brake calipers, vertical elements across the front Digital Tiger Nose Grille, front and rear bumpers, and a rear diffuser. The interior is equipped with unique sports bucket seats with neon green piping and stitching, artificial suede door cards, and a GT Mode button on the steering wheel.
However, compared to regular EV6 models, the EV6 GT does not come with ventilated seat functionality, electric seat adjustment, auto dip-down wing mirrors when reversing, and has less claimed driving range with higher energy consumption.

		
			
			
		
		
			
			
		

The facelifted EV6 was revealed on 14 May 2024. Changes include new angular-designed LED headlights and daytime running lights, a redesigned front fascia, new alloy wheel designs, a revamped interior with a revised curved panoramic screen, a new steering wheel, a new fingerprint authentication system that allows registered drivers to power the electrics without the key, updated technological features and a new battery pack at 84 kWh replaced the 77.4 kWh.

'Best of the Best' in 2022 Red Dot Design Awards
2022: European Car of the Year
2022: Irish Car of the Year
2022: What Car? Car of the Year
'Premium' winner in the German Car of the Year 2022 awards
'Crossover of the Year' at the TopGear.com 2021 awards
Joint winner of the inaugural 'Best Cars of the Year' 2021/2022 awards
Product Carbon Footprint certificate from United Kingdom's The Carbon Trust.
2023: the Indian Car of the Year (ICOTY) Green car awards
2023: North American Utility Vehicle of the Year
2023: MotorWeek Driver's Choice best of the year

2023: the World Performance Car of the Year award

The EV6 received a five-star Euro NCAP safety rating. 

Official website (International)